Update procedure for repos on AK (#2269)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-and-disabling-repositories-on-activation-key.adoc

[id="enabling-and-disabling-repositories-on-activation-key_{context}"]
= Enabling and Disabling Repositories on Activation Key

> As a Simple Content Access (SCA) user, you can enable all custom repositories on an activation key in the {ProjectWebUI}.

Reviewer: Using this narrow overview sentence but keeping the broader instructions again means these don't match. 
```suggestion
As a Simple Content Access (SCA) user, you can enable or disable repositories on an activation key in the {ProjectWebUI}.
```

> As a Simple Content Access (SCA) user, you can enable all custom repositories on an activation key using the {ProjectWebUI}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a Simple Content Access (SCA) user, you can enable all custom repositories on an activation key in the {ProjectWebUI}.
```

> Use this procedure to enable or disable repositories on an activation key.

Reviewer: This sentence is no longer accurate, since these instructions now describe only how to _enable_ repositories, and only cover _custom_ repositories.

I'm thinking maybe just update this to be a bit more broad, since the procedure was already there? Will add more suggestions below to that effect

Author: I went ahead changed it to the sentence I had in the draft I sent you involving a SCA user.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Activation Keys* and select an activation key.
. Select the *Repository Sets* tab.

> . From the dropdown, you can filter the *Repository type* column to *Custom*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the dropdown, you can filter the *Repository type* column to *Custom* or *Red Hat*, if desired.
```

. Select the desired repositories or click the *Select All* checkbox to select all repositories.

> . From the *Select Action* list, select *Override to Enabled*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Select Action* list, select *Override to Enabled*, *Override to Disabled*, or *Reset to Default*, as appropriate.
```
